# Patricia Ayala 
PATRICIA AYALA 1301 1ST AVENUE NO.1408, SEATTLE, WA 98101
ayala.sp@gmail.com 818.355.1358
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Landscape Architecture
Minor in Community and Regional Development
University of California, Davis
SKILLS
Management: Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Great organizational,
coordinating, problem-solving, and analytical skills. Extensive experience collaborating with and
managing diverse groups of people, budgets, and timelines.
Language: Spanish & English fluent.
Software: Proficient in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel; Adobe Creative Suite: Illustrator,
Photoshop, InDesign; AutoCAD 2015 and SketchUp. Effective in PC and Mac platforms.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Associate Designer/Project Manager (01/13-8/16)
Terra Design, Pasadena, California
Collaborate with principal in design process for private and public agencies. Lead design reviews.
Generate and prepare presentations with California native/drought tolerant plant selections and
schemes. Procurement of project materials, finishes, furnishings, etc. Develop, administer and
negotiate contracts and high end budgets with contractors, subcontractors, consultants and vendors
for client approval. Effectively schedule and coordinate different aspects of project to seamlessly and
swiftly complete each component until completion.
Freelance Designer/Project Manager (09/09-12/12)
Self Employed, Greater Los Angeles, California
Developed garden/landscape designs for various clients. Procured, managed and negotiated bids for
various elements. Facilitated contract process for clients. Administered and acquired submittal
approvals from building departments. Made plant and site furnishings selections. Sourced final
selections. Supervised installation/construction of entire scope of design.
Assistant Designer/Project Manager (07/07-09/09)
Art Luna Garden, Santa Monica, California
Generated functional and elegant landscape designs/plans, prepared plant selections, and
presentation materials using computer aided programs. Developed budget proposals. Met with
clients, architects, and contractors. Managed multiple million dollar budget projects simultaneously
from design to construction/installation.
